Lord bless these words but they may
demonstrate the power of your grace the
extent of your mercy God forgive me at
mercy on me oh love I wanna be forgive
me mercy of me I need to love I wanna be
God forgive me at mercy on me
hopped in the shower with the hopes that
this anti-bacterial soap we devoured it
feel for my flesh scrubbing the soap
like I'm trying to rip the skin off my
chest but I trickle in guilty your sin
chef every way I violated my own Mars
with one spilett attack from the blood
in her veins to the milk of her breasts
I did a dirty all over some girl who
never deserved me fell in love that
allowed my feelings to pervert me she
worked the G convince my twin brother to
jerk me proved to me that she wasn't
rude to me purposely to were the closest
to me chose to do me unworthily never
knew her heart kidney surgery so
urgently they stole my heart man
burglary in the first degree and
personally I felt it was gone somebody
reimbursed me hope God don't curse me
for decisions I've made can envision the
way to spend life in the prisoners cage
living enslave them locked along with
other way man I never meant to populate
two innocent graves God
have mercy on me I wanna be a man in the
midst of rage is out of pivotal stage
the anger but bring this mind to a
critical place I was in a similar state
gripping the one plus eight fixing the
bus slugs this dolphin thirsty for blood
my victims face in my guns flinching
hopefully she'll wear symptoms affair my
ex-girl joining in the haunt is my twin
brother bleeding for life wheezing
swallow and there but a heart full of
pain wouldn't allow me to kid no words
but it was clear no soul would go spared
a heart full of vengeance I'm giving
them kirstens first ain't right and my
soon-to-be wife faking just finished
making a fool of me wife i pull the
trigger twice she put up a fight just
seeing the eyes he slowly realizes she
lost her life my brother was national
when he was on the brink of death took a
leap of faith from rush me to reach for
the 10
she just feet tripped over the bed man
that on my ex girl who was already dead
looked at him and said I do you think I
feel they discover my twin brother and
fiance under the covers he was a best
friend to me we was more than brothers
and you knew me and that girl was much
more than lovers you wanna go the family
bonding brotherly oath you were stranger
to me and as soon as this bag of
explodes you will completely understand
what it means to be cold cold hearted
adios twin bro now I shot him until he
falls I think I let the whole clip I'll
own then I ran home to rip off their
blood-drenched clothes took the longest
hot showers leaving out the drain below
watching the blood flow trying to regain
control of mercy
I need
in the shower drowning in oceans of pain
the show took away the stains but it
couldn't erase the shame I had a right
to be mad but now i have my own blame
fill my soul filthy guys the bed with my
brother were slain remains of my twins
blood trickling down the drain and
strange i can fill my soul tricker than
just the same reasoning down the drain
we're living down in flames suddenly I
knew I needed more than soap to regain
what I lost to reclaim what it costs me
to behave so awfully insane the shower
was in vain I needed to be changed and
nothing less than God's mercy can help
me to maintain got on my knees and pray
God they say you can hear a sinner's
prayer so please hear me today all my
life I've been a sinner lost an
unrighteous living now I'm asking you
for
I don't deserve it but I needed and I
heard that if I seek Jesus I'd have the
keys to receive it he's not ready to
believe it that Jesus died on the cross
for my sins even the one misty bunch of
mercs is so great I feel like I'm
cheating listed I'm glad to be saved
Lord your grace is so crazy amazing
I wanna be clean
where's your me right now
mercy on me